all all all all all ladies and
men too
hello shorter today we have March 6
holiday is coming soon
already presents everyone meets for example
if you decide to your child before March 8
to give your girl such
Pink worm, I advise you especially
if your girls are seven or eight
school you rely on at all chic
because to learn such
rope okay how to learn
To manage this little animal you need a little bit
patience is a little bit fantasy and perfect
a little bit
patience I gave her everything I will say about
two hours ago
and in two hours I learned one trick
you have to resign because here
not tied end well she's actually
initially little white initially
fair-haired on her better glue to
better held if your child
there is for example some sort of jacket
and there it fastens you can this
tie to jacket this chic will
if your girl has a dress that's right
already harder
need to hide somewhere tights
some suit for example to lightning
there is no better pocket in your pocket well you
should come up and chickens without it
you can't do it
where is it now hide and seek
Now our noose where hid everything
so take this little animal, I will teach you
just one focus
so immediately say shorter take your
little animal here we put on the handle you need
your fingers if they are thin
cuttings this is gorgeous me not thick
creature
we take him sometime later
hoppa
the most important thing is your finger look
on my fingers hop hop hop
honestly in front of a laptop it is very
hard to make shorter just you have to
learn well with your fingers
manage be good manage everything
will be well begun you can learn
just two three fingers
it all comes literally when you
bored here and so twist
twist-twirl twirl something will already
bored and trying to add more
some finger then another
any
this bone will get another trick
take your pet pay on the pen
like this
put it like that on a pen and handles well
so hop hop hop hop
trying someone he runs then you still
faster and even faster and even faster
so do hop hop hop hop and
did this trick i have a sword in uffizi
Well, in short, the thing is very good I want
tell you because firstly
sorry already evening although sleep shorter
for a child for a boy for a girl not
important it is a very good toy even for
an adult
but child 6 7 8 9 to 10 shorter years
will this toy be very fun even
me
although I will be 14 soon for me not
say i look older you can only
that's even shorter than me this game tasted
even an adult amuse when you
learn how to manipulate there is a focus
two glasses maybe I'll post it
if I can do it because
I still can not get my light
jump vylazit so forth I am shorter to you
I advise everyone to buy this toy if
you have a little baby
if you have many children like yours
the oldest child 10 to your youngest
child 3 and in the middle a six-year 10 and
six years old it will be just gorgeous
the game now about the quality let's put
quality good lost very soft and
he does not cause allergies years
important for young children
I like to put my eyes on these
eyes in them can not help falling in love then
There are such green little blue and
I have reds now by the way
reds shorter than each each
zhopki there are in short, I buy you more
maybe at the end I'll take off the link to
online store
but I do not promise honestly I do not remember how they
called chs
Well, in short, I wish you all well
spend March 8 delights their children
small and cute toys and
so that all the fun with the old 1
good luck kiss you
I will have more videos I am well prepared
you can say it right away when
a couple of recipes